update dotnet doc - new demo + md syntax (#268)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/applications/dotnet/_index.md

## Overview

Clever Cloud allows you to deploy .NET web applications. This page explains you how to set up your application to run it on the Clever Cloud service.

> You don't need to change a lot in your application, the *requirements* helps you to configure your apps with some mandatory files to add, and properties to setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to change a lot in your application, the *requirements* section explains how to configure your apps with some mandatory files to add, and properties to setup.
```
